---
cssclasses:
  - fountain
---
EXT. VIDAL MANSION - NIGHT

In the quaint New England town of Brindlewood Bay, the Vidal Mansion looms impressively, bathed in the glow of a harvest moon. The mansion, an architectural marvel for such a small town, blends Victorian grandeur with a touch of gothic charm. Ivy clings to its walls, suggesting secrets, though everyone knows Abner Vidal's fortune came from directing tacky but successful gonzo, B-grade pictures.

Autumn leaves rustle underfoot as the MURDER MAVENS, a sprightly group of elderly women with sharp minds and a knack for solving crimes, approach the mansion. They are clad in an array of Halloween costumes and each holding an invitation to Abner and Coco Vidal's Halloween Party.

The approach to the mansion reveals peculiar quirks. A collection of pineapple tchotchkes, oddly prominent, adorns the front porch. Christmas lights, leftovers from the previous holiday season, dangle haphazardly – possibly repurposed as props for, ahem, filming.

Amidst this eclectic décor, a striking statue dominates the scene: a large statue of a fully erect naked man, with the phallus designed as the fountain spout. He gives a jaunty thumbs up to passerby's with a stone rogueish smile.

As the Murder Mavens venture further, they notice a secluded area at the back of the property. It's cordoned off with scrim painted in no-see-um green. This area, somewhat hidden from view, seems to be primarily used for storing filming equipment. 

Maude is dressed as Cher in her iconic 1986 Oscar gown, complete with the large black headdress. Dottie is donning a HAM costume reminiscent of Scout's in "To Kill a Mockingbird", thankfully tailored with practical armholes. Doris, in contrast, wears a Ghostbusters jumpsuit, equipped with a power pack. Birdie is dressed as Freddie Mercury, donning a yellow marching band jacket that she knit herself, a mix of rock-star bravado and homespun charm.

INT. VIDAL MANSION - ENCLOSED PORCH - NIGHT

As the Mavens walk up the steps and approach the front door it SWINGS OPEN suddenly revealing ABNER VIDAL (60s). Abner is dressed as an extravagant King Tut. He stands in the doorway with a wide, theatrical grin.

ABNER
Ah-ha! the illustrious Murder Mavens! Welcome to my humble abode, the ghastly abyss of my twisted imagination! This not just a party; it is an odyssey into the darkest corners of the supernatural. Prepare yourself!

He takes a dramatic bow revealing behind him, the foyer is a carnival of Halloween decorations. A MECHANICAL SWAMP MONSTER swings into the doorway, producing a (not so effective) jump scare. Flickering lights cast eerie shadows.

A legendary coward, Birdie jumps at the swamp monster. Abner turns his attention to DORIS.

ABNER
(nodding proudly)
Doris, my dear, it’s a tragedy I could never convince you to grace my films. You certainly have that je ne sais quoi. 

DORIS
Oh Abner you old charmer, no one wants to see my wrinkly old hoo-haa these days.

She looks around at the monstrous decor, but then back out the window at the perfectly sculpted buttocks of the fountain. Then peers at the swamp monster for a moment

DORIS
Wait - what type of movies do you actually make?  Cause I’m also certainly not going anywhere near that thing.

She points an accusatory finger at the swamp monster. It slowly swings back and forth.

ABNER
While your allure does transcend the ages, our cinematic escapades would have been purely in the realm of the spine-tingling and blood-curdling.
(leans in, lowering his voice with dramatic flair)
And the fountain, ah, a true masterpiece from the shadowy depths of a vintage erotica collection. I came into it some years back.

Turning to Dottie and Birdie...

ABNER
And you two! What a macabre scribe duo you’d make. Ever thought of taking up the mighty pen and drafting a horror script chronicling the Maven’s exploits? I’d produce it in a heartbeat!

DOTTIE grimaces at the horror behind ABNER.

DOTTIE
I’ve always enjoyed a good Agatha Christie novel and suppose I’d take a stab at it myself.  Horror, however... all the chamomile tea in the world couldn’t get me to sleep after a few pages at night.

BIRDIE
Oh, my taste in culture usually skews a little more intentionally sillier than what you all make. It's a bit too much for lil old me. But thank you for having us, hopefully this is less interesting than the last time we were invited over for a holiday party.

Birdie shakes hands with Abner, who appears momentarily embarrassed.

ABNER
Ah yes, ahem... the Christmas light malfunction will live in infamy, it seems. Not quite the winter wonderland I'd envisioned. But tonight, dear Birdie, I promise a spectacle of a different nature. Less seizures and migraines and more and spine-tingling phantasmagoria!

DOTTIE peers again through the doorway.

DOTTIE
I don’t suppose you have any young vampires in there that could help this old ham up these stairs though?

She chuckles lightly at her joke.

ABNER
You laugh, but I see a mistress of the night yonder, at the bar. I doubt she's lifting anyone up a grand staircase, though, as she's likely three sheets to the wind by now.

Abner locks eyes with Maude.

ABNER
(winking)
Maude, you look ravishing as Cher this evening. If only I could turn back time and have a chance to court you!

MAUDE takes in the compliment at complete face-value, smiling while closing her eyes.

MAUDE
Well you must be King Tut, because I feel like I’ve just discovered a treasure that’s been hidden for ages...

She opens her eyes to discover the group has moved ahead, leaving her behind.  Disappointed, she clears her throat, straightens her costume, and catches up with the rest.

INT. FOYER - NIGHT
The Mavens following Abner through the large double doors into his home - MAUDE TRAILING through moments later. 

The foyer is decorated with fake glow-in-the-dark plants. The floor is black and white checkered tiles.  The other side of the Swamp Creature is now visible, mostly wires and cables. It moves back into position to scare the next guest.

DORIS
So where is Ms Coco this evening?  Should I hunt around for a Cleopatra?

As if on cue, COCO VIDAL (60s) floats into view from an open doorway, her Cleopatra costume complementing Abner’s. She speaks with a Valley girl accent and is chewing gum loudly.

COCO
Oh, hey ladies, welcome! The bar is, like, right over there. Abner, darling, don’t go yapping on and boring our lovely guests, okay?

ABNER
(rolling his eyes)
Coco, my dear, you always have impeccable timing.

Hearing of the drunk vampire, DOTTIE shifts her eyes to the bar.  She continues to half listen to the conversation, nodding intently and trying to scan the bar through the door.

MAUDE leans into DORIS'S ear and motions toward Coco.

MAUDE
(whispering)
I do not care for her.

Off Maude's look...

CUT TO: